Update rewrites-on-cloud.md (#6398)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/project-settings/manage-hostnames/rewrites-on-cloud.md

{% hint style="warning" %}
Adding the `.azurewebsites.net` pattern is required for the deployment service and the content transfer between environments to continue to function.
{% endhint %}

## Troubleshooting

> Sometimes, you might experience an issue where an .azurewebsites.net link will appear instead of the custom hostname. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you might experience an issue where a `.azurewebsites.net` link will appear instead of the custom hostname. 
```

In this case, a restart will usually fix the issue, however, it is not ideal that this appears at all. 

> The following redirect is a way to amend an issue with .azurewebsites.net link appearing instead of the hostname. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following redirect is a way to amend the issue where the `.azurewebsites.net` link appears instead of the hostname. 
```

> It will redirect from the .azurewebsites.net link to the hostname of the website, should this link be called instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will redirect from the `.azurewebsites.net` link to the hostname of the website, should this link be called instead. 
```
